About Us:

1. What information is collected by us

In order to provide our services to you, we will ask you to provide personal information that is necessary to provide those services to you. We will only collect the information that is necessary for specified, concrete, explicit and legitimate purposes and shall ensure that the information is not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes. You have the right to choose whether or not to provide the information we have requested, but in most cases, if you do not provide your personal information, we may not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to your queries.

Depending on the service you choose, we may collect the following types of information:

1.1.1 Information you provide to us

We may collect any personal information you provide to us, which is necessary for the service you choose. For example, you may provide your name, mobile phone number, email address, delivery address, order, invoicing details, bank account number, account holder name, credit card number, and other information if you use our website retailing services; you may sync materials or data if you use GPlus Cloud services; you may provide gender, your security-related information and other information if you create an account; you may provide us your nickname, email address, photos, videos or other needed information if you enter into promotional activities; you may provide name, mobile phone number and address if you engage with us, our content, or our marketing, or win a prize.

1.1.2 Information that we collect in your use of services

• Device or SIM-related information. For example, IMEI number/OAID number, GAID number, IMSI number, MAC address, serial number, type, ROM version, Android version, Android ID, Space ID, SIM card operator and its location area, screen display information, device keypad information, device manufacturer details and model name, device activation time, network operator, connection type, basic hardware information, sales channel and usage information (such as CPU, storage, battery usage, screen resolution and device temperature, camera lens model, times of screen brightened and times of screen unlocked).

• Information specific to you that may be assigned by third party service providers and business partners: We may collect and use the information such as your advertising ID assigned by third party service providers and business partners.

• Information related to your application usage, including unique identifiers for application (e.g. VAID number, OAID number, AAID number, Instance ID), application basic information, such as application list, application ID information, SDK version, system update settings, application settings (region, language, time zone, font), the time the application enters/exits the foreground and application status record (e.g. downloading, installing, updating, deleting).

• Information generated when you use a GPlus service, such as your badges, ratings, sign-in information and browsing records in GPlus Community; your messages in GPlus Community (only visible to both sending and receiving parties); your audio playback history and search queries in music services; your likes, comments, favorites, shares, search queries in theme services; system language, country and region, network status, list of apps in App Vault; your usage information, including region, IP, relevant content provider, wallpaper changing frequency, image views, image browsing mode, image browsing duration, clicks and exposure of articles, subscriptions in Wallpaper Carousel.

• Location information (only for specific services/functionalities): various types of information on your accurate or approximate location if you use location-related services (navigation software, weather software, and the software with device-locating functionality). For example, region, country code, city code, mobile network code, mobile country code, cell identity, longitude and latitude information, time zone settings, language settings. You can restrict access to location information of each application at any time within the phone settings (Settings - Permissions).

• Log information: information related to your use of certain features, apps, and websites. For example, cookies and other identifier technologies, IP addresses, network request information, temporary message history, standard system logs, crash information, log information generated by using the services (such as registration time, access time, activity time, etc.).

• Other information: Environmental characteristics value (ECV) (i.e. value generated from GPlus Account ID, device ID, connected Wi-Fi ID, and location information).

1.1.3 Information from third-party sources

When permitted by law, we will collect information about you from third-party sources. For example,

• for certain services that might include account and financial transactions, with your authorization, we may validate the information provided by you (such as phone number) through legitimate third-party sources for security and fraud prevention purposes;

• we may receive designated identifier symbols (such as IMEI/OAID/GAID from an advertiser) to provide advertising services to you;

• we may also obtain certain information such as account IDs, nicknames, avatar, and email address from third-party social network services (e.g. when you use a social network account to sign in to a GPlus service);

• information about you that others provided to us (e.g. your delivery address that other users may provide to us when they buy products for you via mi.com services).

1.1.4 Non-personally identifiable information

We may also collect other types of information which are not directly or indirectly linked to an individual and which may not be defined as personal information according to applicable local laws. Such information is called non-personally identifiable information. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personally identifiable information. Here are some examples of information that we collect and how we may use it in a non-personally identifiable aggregated format:

• We may include statistical data generated when you use a specific service (e.g. non-identifiable device related information, daily usage events, page access events, page access time events and session events);

• Network monitoring data (e.g. request time, number of request or error request etc.);

• Application crash events (e.g. the logging automatically generated after the application crashed etc.).

The purpose for such collecting is to improve the services we provide to you. The type and amount of information collected depends on how you use our products and/or services.

We aggregate such information to provide you with more useful information, and understand which parts of our websites, products and services you are most interested in. For example, we may only need the number of users who are active in a day; and we don't need to know in that day who is active, so aggregate data is enough for statistical analysis. We will endeavor to isolate your personal data from non-personally identifiable information and ensure that the two types of data are used separately. However, if we combine non-personally identifiable information with personal information, such combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.

1.2 How we use the personal information that we collect

The purpose of collecting personal information is to provide you with products and/or services, and to ensure that we comply with applicable laws, regulations and other regulatory requirements. This involves:

• Providing, processing, maintaining, improving and developing our products and/or services to you, such as delivery, activation, verification, after-sales, customer support, and advertising.

• Implementing and maintaining security safeguards for the purpose of preventing loss and fraud, such as assisting in identifying users, verifying user identity. We use your information for anti-fraud purposes only when the following two conditions are met: it is necessary; and the data used for evaluation is in accordance with the legitimate interests of GPlus to protect users and services.

• Handling your questions or requests about devices and services, such as answering customer inquiries, sending system and application notifications, managing your activities (e.g. sweepstakes).

• Conducting relevant promotional activities, such as providing marketing and promotional materials and updates. If you no longer wish to receive certain types of promotional materials, you may opt-out by the method provided in the message (such as the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the message) unless otherwise specified under applicable laws. Please also see "Your rights" below.

• Internal purposes, such as data analysis, research, and development of statistical information related to the use of our products or services to improve our products or services. For example, machine learning or model algorithm training is performed after de-identification processing.

• Optimizing the performance of your device, such as analyzing the memory usage or the CPU utilization of your application.

• Storing and maintaining information related to you for our business operations (such as business statistics) or for fulfilling our legal obligations.

• Processing based on the legitimate interests of GPlus (in applicable jurisdictions, for example under GDPR). Legitimate interests include enabling us to more effectively manage and operate our business and provide our products and services; protecting the security of our businesses, systems, products, services, and customers (including for loss prevention and anti-fraud purposes); internal management; complying with internal policies and processes; and other legitimate interests described in this policy. For example, to ensure the security of our services, and to help us further understand the state of performance of our applications, we may record relevant information, such as the frequency of your usage, crash logs information, overall usage, performance data and source of application; to prevent unauthorized vendors unlocking devices, we may collect GPlus Account, serial number and IP address of operated computer, serial number and device info of your phone.

• Providing services locally on terminal devices that do not require communication with our servers, such as using Notes on your device.

• Other purposes with your consent.

Here are more detailed examples on how we use your information (which may include personal information):

• Activating and registering your purchased GPlus products or services for you.

• Creating and maintaining your GPlus Account. Personal information collected when you create a GPlus Account on our websites or through our mobile devices, is used to create the personal GPlus Account and profile page for you.

• Processing your purchase order. Information related to e-commerce orders is used for processing the purchase order and related after-sales services, including customer support and re-delivery. In addition, the order number will be used to cross-check the order with the delivery partner as well as to record delivery of the parcel. Recipient information, including name, address, phone number, and postal code will be used for delivery purposes. Your email address is used to send you parcel tracking information. A list of purchased items is used for printing an invoice and enables the customer to see which items are in the parcel.

• Participating in the GPlus Community. Personal information related to the GPlus Community or other GPlus Internet platforms may be used for profile page display, interaction with other users, and participating in the GPlus Community.

• Providing GPlus services. The following information: (device or SIM card-related information including GAID number, IMEI number, IMSI number, phone number, device ID, device operating system, MAC address, device type, system and performance information, and location information including mobile country code, mobile network code, location area code and cell identity), is used to activate GPlus services.

• Diagnosing activation failures. Location-related information is used to access SIM card activation failure (e.g. Short Message Service (SMS) gateways and network failures) to identify the network operator of the service, and to notify the network operator of that failure.

• Providing other GPlus services. Information collected when you use a GPlus service is used to perform the functions of that service, while providing service optimization, e.g. downloading, updating, registering, executing or optimizing activities related to GPlus services. For example, personal information collected by Themes may provide personalized theme recommendation services based on your downloading and browsing history.

• Finding your device. If your phone is lost or stolen, GPlus's Find device feature can help you find and secure your phone. You can locate your phone on a map using location information provided by your phone, erase data remotely, or lock your phone. When you're actively looking for your phone, location information is captured from your mobile device; in some situations, this information is obtained from cell towers or Wi-Fi hotspots. You can turn this feature on or off at any time within the phone settings (Settings - GPlus Account - GPlus Cloud - Find Device).

• Recording location information in photos. You can record your location information while taking a photo. This information will be visible within your photo folders and the location will be saved in the metadata of your photos. If you do not wish to have your location recorded while taking a photo, you can turn this off at any time within the camera settings of the device.

• Providing messaging functions (e.g. GPlus Talk, GPlus Message). If you download and use GPlus Talk, information collected by GPlus Talk may be used for activating this service and identifying the user and message recipient. In addition, chat history is stored for the convenience of re-loading chat history after a user has re-installed apps, or for synchronization across devices. Information (sender's and recipient's phone numbers and GPlus Message IDs) may be used for GPlus Message for activating the services and enabling the service to function, including routing of messages.

• Providing location-based services. In the course of using GPlus services, location information may also be used by us or third party service providers and business partners (for more information see "How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information" below) to serve you the service and provide accurate details about that location for the best possible user experience, e.g. weather details, location access (as part of the Android platform). You may turn off location services in settings or turn off the use of location services of an app at any time.

• Improving user experience through data, hardware, and software analysis. Some opt-in features, such as the User Experience Program, allow GPlus to analyze data about how users use the mobile phone, GPlus services, and other services provided by GPlus, so as to improve the user experience, such as sending crash reports. GPlus shall also conduct hardware and software analysis to further improve user experience.

• Allowing you to use Security. Information collected may be used for security and system up-keeping functionalities in the Security app, such as Security scan, Battery saver, Blocklist, Cleaner, etc. Some of these functionalities are operated by third party service providers and/or business partners (for more information see "How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information" below). Information (which is not personal information like virus definition lists) is used for Security scan functions.

• Providing push service. GPlus Account ID , GAID, FCM token, Android ID, and Space ID (only on GPlus devices with Second space feature on) will also be used to provide the GPlus push service and GPlus Notification Service to evaluate advertising performance and send notifications from GPlus about software updates or new product announcements, including information about sales and promotions. To provide the above service for you, application relevant information (app version ID, app package name), and device relevant information (model, brand) will also be collected. We may use your personal information for the purpose of sending you push messages (whether by messaging within our services, by email or by other means) that offer or advertise our products and services and/or the products and services of selected third parties. This is only done with your consent, where required under applicable laws. You may opt-out from receiving marketing information from us and third parties at any time by changing your preferences in the Settings, or managing your preferences through the third-party app/website using GPlus push. Please also see "Your rights" below.

• Verifying user identity. GPlus uses the ECV value to verify the user identity and avoid unauthorized logins.

• Collecting user feedback. The feedback you choose to provide is valuable in helping GPlus make improvements to our services. In order to follow up on the feedback you have chosen to provide, GPlus may correspond with you using the personal information that you have provided and keep records of this correspondence for problem solving and service improvement.

• Sending notices. From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as notices about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Since such information is critical to your interaction with GPlus, it is not recommended that you refuse to receive such information.

• Conducting promotional activities. If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion through GPlus's social media platforms, we may use the personal information you provide to send you these rewards.

• Providing personalized services and content, including ads. To protect your privacy, we do use a unique identifier rather than your name, email, or other information by which you can be directly identified, to provide you with personalized products, services and activities, including advertising.

We may combine this information with other information (including information across different services or devices such as computers, mobile phones, smart TVs, and other connected devices) to provide and improve our products, services, content, and advertising.

For example, we may use your GPlus Account details in all services you use that require a GPlus Account. Furthermore, in order to improve your experience and our services, while complying with relevant laws and regulations and (where required) with your consent, we may sort out information from different products, services or equipment from you or related to you to form a label, to provide suggestions, customized content, and personalized features.

For the personalized ads, these would, for example, be provided based on your activities, usage, and preferences related to our apps and services. We create profiles by analyzing the aforementioned information and building segments (creating groups with specific shared characteristics) and by putting your personal information in one or more segments. Targeted advertising is only done with your consent, where required under applicable laws. You have the right to opt-out from receiving personalized advertisements and to object to profiling, including that carried out for direct marketing purposes, at any time.

1. Cookies and other technologies

Technologies such as cookies, web beacons and pixel tags are used by GPlus and our third party service providers and business partners (for more information see "How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information" below). These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movements around the website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. These technologies help us better understand users' behavior, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, as well as facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.

• Log files: As true of most websites, we gather certain information and store it in log files. This information may include Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we gather about you.

• Local storage – HTML5/Flash: We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 or Flash to store content and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our sites or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use HTML5 or Flash cookies to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tool for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash cookies, please click here.

• Advertising cookies: We partner with our third party service providers and business partners (for more information see "How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information" below) to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party service providers and business partners may use advertising cookies to collect information about your online activities and interests and provide you with advertisements that correlate most highly to your profile and interests. We will obtain your prior explicit consent and involve a clear affirmative action before providing this advertising service to you.

• Mobile analytics: Within some of our mobile applications we use analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use our website. These cookies collect information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where crashes occur within the application. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.

1. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information

3.1 Sharing

We do not sell any personal information to third parties.

We may sometimes share your personal information with third parties (as described below) in order to provide or improve our products or services, including offering products or services based on your requirements. Further information about data sharing is set out below.

3.1.1 Sharing that you actively choose or request

With your consent or at your request, we will share your personal information within the scope of your consent/request with specific third parties designated by you. For example, when you use the GPlus Account to sign in to a third-party website or app.

3.1.2 Sharing information with our group

In order to successfully conduct business operations and to provide you with all the functions of our products or services, we may share your personal information from time to time to other GPlus affiliates.

3.1.3 Sharing with our group's ecosystem companies

GPlus works together with a group of companies forming the GPlus Ecosystem. The GPlus Ecosystem companies are independent entities, invested and incubated by GPlus, and are experts in their fields. GPlus may disclose your personal information to the GPlus Ecosystem companies to provide you with and improve the existing products and services (both hardware and software) from the GPlus Ecosystem companies. Some of these products or services will still be under the GPlus brand, while others may use their own brand. The GPlus Ecosystem companies may share information with GPlus from time to time in relation to products or services under the GPlus brand with GPlus to provide hardware and software services, bringing better features and user experience. GPlus will take appropriate management and technical measures to ensure the security of your personal information processing, including but not limited to the encryption of your personal information.

3.1.4 Sharing with third party service providers and business partners

To help us provide you with products and services described in this Privacy Policy, we may, where necessary, share your personal information with our third party service providers and business partners.

This includes our delivery service providers, data centers, data storage facilities, customer service providers, advertising and marketing service providers and other business partners. These third parties may process your personal information on GPlus's behalf or for one or more of the purposes of this Privacy Policy. We are committed to ensuring that the sharing of personal information necessary for providing services to you is solely for legitimate, legal, necessary, specific, and explicit purposes. GPlus will conduct due diligence and have contracts in place to ensure that third-party service providers comply with the applicable privacy laws in your jurisdiction. There may be occasions that third-party service providers have their sub-processors.

To provide performance measurement, analysis, and other business services, we may also share information (non-personal information) with third parties (such as advertisers on our websites) in aggregated form. We use the information we have to help advertisers and other business partners evaluate the effectiveness and coverage of their advertising and services, and understand the types of people who use their services and how people interact with their websites, apps, and services. We may also share general usage trends of our services with them, such as the number of customers in a particular group of people who purchase certain products or engage in certain transactions.

3.1.5 Other

In accordance with legal requirements, legal procedures, litigation and/or requests from public agencies and government agencies, GPlus may need to disclose your personal information. If the disclosure is necessary or appropriate for national security, law enforcement, or other matters of public importance, we may also disclose information about you.

In order to enforce our terms or protect our business, rights, assets or products, or to protect users, or if the disclosure is reasonably necessary for the following purposes (detecting, preventing and resolving fraud, unauthorized use of the product, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activities), we may also disclose information about you. (GPlus may collect, use or disclose your personal information if it is and only to the extent it is permitted under applicable data protection laws). This may include providing your personal information to public or government agencies; communicating with third-party partners about the reliability of your account to prevent fraud, violations, and other harmful behaviors.

In addition, we may share your personal information with:

• our accountants, auditors, lawyers, or similar advisers when we ask them to provide us with professional advice; and

• investors and other relevant third parties in the event of an actual or potential sale or other corporate transaction related to an entity in the GPlus Group; and

• other third parties as detailed in this Privacy Policy or otherwise notified to you, including if authorized by you to do so in relation to a specific disclosure.

3.2 Transfer

GPlus will not transfer your information to any subject except in the following cases:

• Where we have obtained your explicit consent;

• If GPlus is involved in the merger, acquisition, or sale of all or part of its assets that may affect your personal information, we will notify you of any changes in the ownership, use, and any choice you may have regarding your personal information by email and/or by posting a prominent notice on our websites or other appropriate means;

• In the circumstances explained in this Privacy Policy or otherwise notified to you.

3.3 Public disclosure

GPlus may publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:

• Where we need to announce a winner of a promotion, competition, or sweepstake, in which case we only publish limited information;

• Where we have obtained your explicit consent, or you have disclosed the information via our services such as on social media pages or public forums; and

• Public disclosure based on law or reasonable grounds: including laws and regulations, legal procedures, litigation, or at the request of the competent government departments.

1. How we store and protect your personal information

4.1 GPlus's security safeguards

We are committed to keeping your personal information secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure or other similar risks, we have put in place all legally required physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on your mobile device and on GPlus websites. We will ensure that we safeguard your personal information in accordance with applicable law.

For example, when you access your GPlus Account, you can choose to use our two-step verification program for better security, and we highly recommend that you do so. When your personal information is transmitting between your GPlus device and our servers, we make sure the data is encrypted by using Transport Layer Security (TLS) and appropriate encryption algorithms.

All your personal information is stored on secure servers, and protected in controlled facilities. We classify your information based on importance and sensitivity, and ensure that your personal information has the required level of security. We have special access controls for cloud-based data storage, and we regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against any unauthorized access and use.

We conduct due diligence on business partners and third party service providers to make sure that they are able to protect your personal information. We also check that appropriate security standards are maintained by these third parties by putting in place appropriate contractual restrictions, and where necessary, carrying out audits and assessments. In addition, our employees and those of our business partners and third party service providers who access your personal information are subject to enforceable contractual obligations of confidentiality.

We conduct security and privacy protection training courses and tests to enhance our employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. We will take all practicable and legally required steps to safeguard your personal information. However, you should be aware that the use of the Internet is not entirely secure, and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal information when transferred from you or to you via the Internet.

We handle personal data breaches as required by applicable data protection law which includes, where required, notifying the breach to the relevant data protection supervisory authority and data subjects.

Our information security policies and procedures are designed with reference to international standards, and regularly pass third-party audits to verify the effectiveness of security measures. GPlus information system has obtained ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification for information security management systems (ISMS).

4.2 What you can do

You can set a unique password for GPlus by not disclosing your login password or account information to anybody (unless such a person is duly authorized by you) to avoid password leaks to other websites which may harm your account security at GPlus. Whenever possible, please do not disclose the verification code you received to anyone (including those who claim to be GPlus customer service). Whenever you sign in as a GPlus Account user on GPlus websites, particularly on somebody else's computer or on public Internet terminals, you should always sign out at the end of your session.

GPlus cannot be held responsible for lapses in security caused by third party accessing your personal information as a result of your failure to keep your personal information private. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you must notify us immediately if there is any unauthorized use of your account by any other Internet user or any other breach of security. Your assistance will help us protect the privacy of your personal information.

4.3 Accessing other features on your device

Our applications may access certain features on your device such as enabling email to use contacts, SMS storage, and Wi-Fi network status, etc. This information is used to allow the applications to run on your device and allow you to interact with the applications. At any time you can revoke your permissions by turning them off at the device level or by contacting us via https://privacy.mi.com/support.

4.4 Retention policy

We retain personal information for the period necessary for the purpose of the information collection described in this Privacy Policy or any separate privacy policy provided for a specific product or service, or as required by applicable laws. Detailed retention periods are specified in the specific service or related product page. We will cease to retain and delete or anonymize personal information once the purpose of collection is fulfilled, or after we confirm your request for erasure, or after we terminate the operation of the corresponding product or service. Where possible, we have indicated how long we typically retain identified categories, types or items of personal data. When deciding on these retention periods, we took into account the following criteria:

• the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data

• the risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure

• the purposes for which we process the personal data and how long we need the particular data to achieve these purposes

• how long the personal data is likely to remain accurate and up to date

• for how long the personal data might be relevant to possible future legal claims

• any applicable legal, accounting, reporting or regulatory requirements that specify how long certain records must be kept.

Depending on your jurisdiction, there may be an exception to this for personal information that we are processing for public interest, scientific, historical research, or statistical purposes. GPlus may continue to retain this type of information for longer than its standard retention period, where necessary and permitted based on applicable laws or your request, even if further data processing is not related to the original purpose of collection.

1. Your rights

Controlling your personal information

If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for the aforementioned purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us via https://privacy.mi.com/support.

5.1 Your rights to your personal information

Depending on applicable laws and regulations, you may have the right to access, rectification, erasure (and certain other rights) in relation to personal information that we hold about you (hereinafter referred to as the request). These rights will be subject to specific exclusions and exceptions under applicable laws.

You may also access and update the details relating to the personal information in your GPlus Account at https://account.xiaomi.com or by signing in to your account on your device. For additional information, please contact us via https://privacy.mi.com/support.

It will help us to process your request most efficiently if it meets the following conditions:

(1) The request is submitted through GPlus's exclusive request channel detailed above and for the protection of your information security, your request should be in writing (unless the local law explicitly recognizes the oral request);

(2) You provide sufficient information to enable GPlus to verify your identity and ensure that you are the data subject or legally authorized to act on the data subject's behalf.

Once we obtain sufficient information to confirm that your request can be processed, we shall proceed to respond to your request within any timeframe set out under your applicable data protection laws.

In detail:

• You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your personal information and your rights. This is why we are providing you with the information in this Privacy Policy.

• Based on the requirements of applicable laws, a copy of your personal data collected and processed by us will be provided to you upon your request free of charge. For any extra requests for relevant information, we may charge a reasonable fee based on actual administrative costs according to and if permitted by the applicable laws.

• If any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, you are entitled to have your personal information corrected or completed based on the purpose of use.

• Based on the requirements of applicable laws, you have the right to request the deletion or removal of your personal information where there is no compelling reason for us to keep using it. We shall consider the grounds regarding your erasure request and take reasonable steps, including technical measures. Please note that we may not be able to immediately remove the information from the backup system due to applicable law and/or technological limitations. If this is the case, we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until the backup can be deleted or be made anonymous.

• You have the right to object to certain types of processing, including processing for direct marketing (including where profiling is used), and under certain circumstances where the legal basis for processing (including profiling) is our legitimate interests.

Particularly under the laws of some jurisdictions:

• You have the right to obtain from us the restriction of processing your personal information. We shall consider the grounds regarding your restriction request. If the grounds apply to GDPR, we shall only process your personal information under applicable circumstances in GDPR and inform you before the restriction of processing is lifted.

• You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.

• You have the right to apply for your personal information in a structured, commonly used format and transmit the information to another data controller (data portability).

We have the right to refuse to process requests or only comply in part with requests where an exemption applies or we are otherwise entitled to do so under applicable laws, such as if the request is manifestly unfounded or manifestly excessive or it would require the disclosure of information about third parties. In some circumstances, we may charge a fee, where permitted under applicable laws. If we believe that certain aspects of a request to delete the information may result in our inability to legally use the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or reasons permitted by applicable law, it may also be rejected.

5.2 Withdrawal of consent

You may withdraw your consent previously provided to us for a particular purpose by submitting a request, including collecting, using, and/or disclosing your personal information in our possession or control. Based on the specific service you are using, you can withdraw your consent by contacting us via https://privacy.mi.com/support. We will process your request within a reasonable time from when the request was made, and thereafter not collect, use and/or disclose your personal information as per your request.

Depending on the extent of your withdrawal of consent, please note that you may not be able to continue receiving the full benefit of GPlus's products and services. The withdrawal of your consent or authorization will not affect the validity of our processing carried out on the basis of the consent up until the point of withdrawal.

5.3 Cancelling a service or account

If you wish to cancel a specific product or service, you can contact us via https://privacy.mi.com/support.

If you wish to cancel the GPlus Account, please note that the cancellation will prevent you from using the full range of GPlus products and services. Cancellation may be prevented or delayed in certain circumstances. For example, if there still exists monies outstanding on your account such as unpaid member service of GPlus Music, paid theme in Themes, or unpaid loan in your GPlus Finance, etc., we cannot immediately support your request.

When you sign in to GPlus through a third-party account, you need to apply for cancellation of the account from the third party.

1. How Your Personal information is transferred globally

GPlus processes and backs up personal information through a global operating and control infrastructure. Currently, GPlus has data centers in China, India, the United States, Germany, Russia, and Singapore. For the purposes described in the Privacy Policy, your information may be transferred to these data centers in accordance with applicable law.

We may also transfer your personal information to third-party service providers and business partners and your data may therefore also be transmitted to other countries or regions. The jurisdiction in which these global facilities are located may or may not protect personal information to the same standards as in your jurisdiction. There are different risks under different data protection laws. However, this does not change our commitment to comply with this Privacy Policy and to protect your personal information.

In particular,

• The personal information that we collect and generate in operations within the territory of Mainland China is stored in data centers located in Mainland China, except for cross-border transmissions as permitted by applicable law.

• The personal information we collect and generate in our operations in Russia is processed and stored in data centers located in Russia, except for cross-border transmissions permitted under Russian law.

• The personal information we collect and generate in operations in India is stored in data centers located in India.

If we need to transfer personal information outside of your jurisdiction, whether to our affiliates or third-party service providers, we will comply with related applicable laws. We ensure that all such transfers meet the requirements of applicable local data protection laws by implementing uniform safeguards. You can find out about the safeguards that we have in place by contacting us via https://privacy.mi.com/support.

If you use our products and services in the area of the European Economic Area (EEA), GPlus Technology Netherlands B.V. will act as the data controller and GPlus Singapore Pte. Ltd. will be responsible for the data processing. Contact details can be found in the "Contact us" section.

If GPlus shares personal data originating by you in the EEA to a GPlus Group entity or a third party service provider outside the EEA, we will do so on the basis of EU standard contractual clauses or any other safeguards provided for in the GDPR. You can find out about the specific safeguards that we have in place or request a copy by contacting us via <https://privacy.mi.com/support>.

1. Protection of minors

We consider it the responsibility of the parent or guardian to supervise the child's use of our products or services. However, we do not offer services directly to a child or use personal information of children for the purposes of marketing.

If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that the minor has provided GPlus with personal information, please contact us via https://privacy.mi.com/support to ensure that the personal information is removed immediately and that the minor is unsubscribed from any of the applicable GPlus services.

1. How we update this Privacy Policy

We review the Privacy Policy periodically based on changes in business, technology and applicable law and good practice, and we may update this Privacy Policy. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you via your registered contact information such as email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or publish on GPlus websites or notify you via mobile devices so that you can learn about the information we collect and how we use it. Such changes to Privacy Policy will apply from the effective date specified in the notice or website. We encourage you to check this page regularly for the latest information on our privacy practices. Your continued use of the products and services on the website, mobile and/or any other device will be subject to the updated Privacy Policy. Where required by applicable laws, we will ask for your explicit consent when we collect additional personal information from you or when we use or disclose your personal information for new purposes.
